We did it we got it hurry up morning get in
Did you get the ultimate cube oh it's purple you said it was purple said mine was I didn't know they all were
And now we do thanks to Chee-Chee cha-Chee
So what went when do I get it get what a hug let's find a planet with a garden hose first a dragon a dragon
You asked me to cut class and fight robots with you. I said no you said millions of lives depend on it
I said I'll do it for a dragon you said whatever I want my dragon
You know who's into dragons Morty nerds that refuse to admit their Christian. I want my dragon
Let me give you rocket shoes. Let me give you Wolverine claws
Let me give you a fucking rocket hat. Just be sure to use it with the rocket shoes or it'll rip your head off
I want my dragon. I want my dragon. I want my dragon. Oh
Crap crap
Dad are you okay your ship crashed in Malta? I'm okay. Oh, thank God
Dad did you promise Morty a dragon?
Oh
Bleed here and here I'm not co-bleeding under authority of our treaty twist the realms of dragon and man
Oh my god, it's my first gay wedding. I hear by bind this noble serpent and rider at the soul
Here's your tomb of dragon spells and lore that'll have everything you need enjoy your dragon. Okay dragon. Here's the house rule
My name is Baltimore
Breaker of sky slayer of mountain rule one you are now scooper of your own poops
Or I will take you down like the black light poster you are. I got any more rules. That's it
I'm guessing you'd rather not be tagged in this
Okay, I'll bite. What's with the talking cat? It's a dragon dipknot
I know that's a dragon. I'm talking about the talking cat in my bedroom
Jerry, why would I give Morty a talking dragon and you a talking cat at the same time those concepts bump if you're talking to a cat
It's an abnormal event unrelated to me like who when you went to Pluto or my daughter
Okay, there's really no need to get savage
So he says he has nothing to do with you talking told you so then why are you talking? Why should that matter?
Why should it not matter?
How do I know I'm not hallucinating Rick said this is an abnormal event you always need Rick to tell you what's going on
Maybe it's time you stopped asking questions and started having fun. Oh
Wow
Okay
So what do you want? I want you to take us to the airport and get us two first-class tickets to Florida. Why I?
Can do that?
I
Oh wait your next command whoa whoa whoa nobody's commanding anybody
I love soaring through the sky with you as equals
What do you want to do? I want to enter my layer and sleep upon my horde until the age of man expires
Okay
split the diff
20-minute nap and
soar through the sky
As you come
This is fun
What's this show called ass yeah, it's like bones, but they solve ass crimes this ass is a clue
Are these two gonna hook up? No, and only the lame fans want that don't tell me how to enjoy things go to her ass
That's Brenner go to Brenner ass
Honeymoon over already. What's that supposed to mean admit it Morty dragon suck
Why don't you admit you don't want anyone else to be happy because you're a sad old fart?
How do you saddle a fart? Holy shit look?
No
And that's the end of the Morty gets a dragon episode are you gonna slay it first off?
I always slay it Queen
Secondly yes, should I pause ass nah, it's kind of boring now that they're together
Face you shut the world at least roll over
Only I had prepared better for this terrifying battle by remembering the only thing dragons are known for
Careful you don't get heartburn. I made that android with a lot of C4
Oh, I'm sorry. I am buted with a remote-controlled
Explody potion you have bested me. I am at your service good to be on the same parchment
Now I'm gonna tell my grandson you ran off with a low-flying 747 while you pack up your wait is this why do you have an?
Original ecto cooler juice box from 1989. I hoard that with your kind cover give you 20 bucks for it
Nice try the hell else are you hoarding down here cha-ching?
Small soldier spin pops don't open that. I'm not an idiot
Why do you have futures self-titled album on vinyl look closer? Oh?
He signed it close her
He signed it in Molly and percassette. I could spend all night down here. Do you indulge in volcanic fumes?
No, I'll do it anyway
Oh those were not cheap tickets, but I'm
I'm down to clown
Why why why can you talk again? It's not important Jerry?
Okay, but why Florida because they don't ask questions they play volleyball they party and they have fun right right?
You can do this Jerry. I can do this. I can do this
Hey Jerry after this game come to my yacht and bring your cat you got it. Jai I got it. Man. You were right
I've got to tell you something Jerry. This is the happiest I've ever been in my entire life
I took a small shit in the sand and buried it with like two little kicks and just left me here like a landmine
Why and who?
It was him
Oh
I'm being summoned by multi. Oh, yeah, he's texting me. How are you responding?
I tend not to or maybe I'll send like a popular animated gift that could be interpreted in almost any way brilliant
I summoned the I summoned the
Bells
What the hell Taylor Swift pumping her hands in the air. What does it mean when you're lame?
Yeah
What's the saying orks work to live dwarves live to work so dumb if there's ever a saying about me
I'll fly into the sun
Oh
You're small for a dragon Rick will I sleep on an extra big pile of awesome shit?
Then there will be sayings about you your lessons will hunt you down and you will be owned or
Slain that's why they call it a dying breed brother
Oh
Why does it feel better now? I hope it's not because you're watching but don't go anywhere
Followed the smell of sulfur and skankery
Oh man
You can take this stupid fake soul bond contract and you can
No refunds your dragon soul bonded with my grandpa. Oh my I am so sorry. That is a total violation
Yeah, no shit. I'll take care of this at once you
Chill out
Shame on you shame
Why the f*** does it feel like you're with me because your soul got tangled in a
Do something or I will tweet and you will be cancelled
Hey dandruff the great lighten up and give the kid his dragon by whose command you have no magic
Yeah, I know I have actual power not here. You don't true power looks like this
Stone monster stick that up your ass. Oh, you're done. I thought the rock monster was here to introduce the physicists
Oh
I might be
Okay, he's gone listen up. There's probably animals in these hills if you spare me I can make your crotch assault lick
Thank you morty figures you'd be higher status in lame world
Get your s*** together lair wrecker. We need to rescue balthramon morty the moral of this story is bros before dragons
You know what i'm talking about. Yeah, if he dies while you're soul bonded you die too
Morty the moral of this story is bros rescue dragons
Balthramon by soul bonding with multiple riders you have violated the treaty between dragon and mankind
The dragonarchy sentences you to hang by the neck until dead on the count of three
One dragonarchy two dragonarchy two and a half. I just wanted to make sure
Grandpa rick what's wrong? Oh god the wizard must have hung balthramon
Oh s*** it can we go back then?
No, no, it takes like 78 years to hang a dragon to death. So man, it's so annoying
You're like try to swallow a really big vitamin with no water
You know like
Really like big one, you know and it kind of gets stuck in your throat. Uh, it's it's annoying. All right morty go ahead and activate this golem
Uh, uh, agana axaca sappulu
All right, who wants to be infused with like uh unreasonable power. Oh, can I be like a sexy arrow shooty lady? Yeah, whatever. There's no rules. I don't care
I'm already you want superpowers. No, thanks. I'm fine. I've got my book. All right. Good luck with that. Let's go
God you ever had too much orange juice or like, you know how egg yolk kind of like gets in your throat
Yeah, we can't come on hurry we got a free balthramon
Morty, how's that book working out for you? You f***ing dumb ass
You know what you're right. I could get used to this magic stuff
Oh
There's bathroom check this shit out watch this. Oh, yeah. Yeah, don't even look
Let magic catch your arrow. What the hell are you doing? Take this seriously
Summer make it look like it's coming out of your butthole. Yeah. Yeah
Oh
Pretty fun boat fun people
That's great. Uh, not being asked why I could talk
I'm a talking cat, but who cares why isn't my point? Well, nice talking to you for no reason
All right, that was a good one, but do you know what a peanut butter gargoyle is?
No, was that dude? It's when you take the chick put her feet on a cathedral
Sorry to interrupt guys just want to clarify are these real sex positions because if they are how are they gratifying to the
Male at all and if the goal is to make something up might not make up something
Funnier
I'm asking too many questions aren't I?
How ironic
You overthink
You got any money for a cab why ask questions why not just have fun I deserve that
I
Pains me that you can feel my pain. Yeah, how about you suck your which is also somehow my
Oh, why can't couples that start out cheating ever end up happy?
Maybe I can find that wizards portal spell in here and get us home
How about finding the spell that unbinds me from your dragon? No spells can do that
Only the wizard can unbind soul bombs. Uh, who the fuck are you? Who are we? Who the fuck are you bitch?
Deborah stop
We are the slut dragons
We live in these slut caves where we suck and eat
And we kindly ask that you leave if the wizard knows we are here. He will imprison us
Yeah, we like it down here because we could fully mammoths get out get the fuck out of here Michael
Michael you're the only one that f***s that thing get the f*** out of here. At least i'm not into
Play you. Hey, wait, everybody stop stop. Listen. This is all my fault
I started all this when I tried to control baltharama and that was f***ed up
Nobody should control anyone especially that guy up there and um, you can eat f*** if you want I guess I uh
I got this Morty. Okay, listen up slut dragons. Wouldn't you rather be sluts up there? Have a f*** world instead of a f*** cave?
What's wrong with you? This man with a ponytail makes a valid point
All dragons are sluts deep down even the ones up above but we would have to kill the wizard to be free
He is too powerful. There is a way to kill the wizard. Oh, who's this mysterious character?
Shadow jucker you haven't come out of your masturbation cave in eon. It's high time. I emerged from my
cocoon
I grow tired of eaves dropping and masturbating to the sounds you all make Jesus christ. All right could use a little more mystery
Oh, oh just now seeing the staff. We've never had enough sluts to defeat the wizard now with the four fresh wet
Sluts that just landed on our doorstep. We finally have a chance. So killing the wizard will break my soul bond
Yes, it solves all of our problems. We must begin a 10 slot soul or g wait wait wait
What become the old slot slot phoenix dragon?
Hold on hold on. There's gotta be something else in here. There's gotta be another way. Just give me a second. I haven't read all this yet
Maybe don't tell your parents we did this
Oh
Please no I smell I smell
Thank you strangers. Well, it's your world now. Have fun with empowerment
It seems to make everyone that gets it really happy. All right guys. I'll use this to open a portal
Uh open a portal to earth
Hell out of here fast. God look at this piece of sh**. Why is there writing on it? Who writes on a portal?
Should have taken me up on those wolverine claws instead morty. Wait, why did the dragon come? I was thinking we could hang out
Uh, yeah, whoa, Jesus your dad's been texting me this whole time. Uh, he's at an airport with a cat. Okay, that that sounds
Wow, you know, I better check on him big season finale right there, you know better, uh, better go right now
Also, I told you not to get a dragon morty. This is your fault. You worst adventure ever
Yeah, I guess you better be on your way to belther ma
Well, I've been thinking what you said back there in the cave really resonated with me. Maybe we could try again
Look to be honest. I'm kind of grossed out with the sexual nature of how everything unfolded
I didn't know how sexual dragons were. I kind of just wanted to do some d&d stuff
You know and have a soul orgy with your sister and grandpa and every dragon we could find yeah
No, look, can you please just go? I really want a shower. Maybe a quick soul bomb before I go
I'm good. I think I just need to be alone and sort of unpack all this
You want to rent your grandpa would he want to I can wait. No, I think you better go
I'm gonna take that shower if it's just warm liquid. Do you want tripled over your body? I could maybe no look
I just want to be clean. I feel dirty after everything that's happened. How about a quick hand bond?
I like doing it. You're embarrassing yourself. I'm closing the door
F***ing soul teasers
This is a cool car. I like having fun. That's what I'm talking about. Keep it moving. Don't ask why I can talk
Uh-huh for sure for sure
Where are we going quantum radiator might need some nano water we could stretch our legs
So, uh, why can you talk?
What is this I need you in one spot for a clean mind scan mind scan
Look, you're overthinking it the point of a talking cat is to have fun find the insinuation that I can't ask questions
And have fun condescending you find it condescending Jerry. Yes. All right. I'm from outer space happy
No, exactly because no answer would be satisfying because it's a lie. Let's see the truth
What
Oh, son of a bitch Jerry don't I want to see no you do not
Oh
At least now maybe you
He was in my home where I keep photos of my parents Jerry I have a device it can make us forget
No, I don't think we should forget
Not this
Someone has to remember someone will
Did we crash where's the cat? He uh, he ran away. Did you scan his brain? Yeah
Did you find out why he can talk from outer space?
outer space
That little
Of course total mind
Oh
Now that's what I call dragon what it's a joke you're a dragon dragon your stuff. I understand
So how you doing? I grow weary of you humans. How about 50 bucks? You're weary of 50 bucks
I'm trying to cheat on my wife. I'm looking for a little magic a little fantasy. You could use some help
Let's help each other, huh 50 bucks
Oh
Slot
Nice is there a reason you can speak? Yeah, and I'm ashamed of it then speak of it no more
Do you wish to eat maybe bond a little? Yeah, I could bond
How long does it take you to fly to florida?
Did you get any of that?